docs(profile): add more descriptions (#1)
MakeContributions/.github: profile/README.md

> ## Hi there 👋 We are Make Contributions!
> 
> We are an organization that wants to encourage Github newbies :octocat: to come and participate in open source projects and contribute more to Github (well, the clues in the name 😉).
> 
> ### There's plenty to take part in within the organisation
> 
> - [DSA](https://github.com/MakeContributions/DSA) - Data Structure and Algorithm (DSA) contributions
> - [markdown-dungeon](https://github.com/MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon) - A dungeon made fully out of markdown.
> - [ideahub](https://github.com/MakeContributions/ideahub) - A collection of ideas and projects that contain from beginner to advance :octocat: 🎯🚀
> 
> > One of our maintainers can add you to the organisation once you contribute if you wish to join, and you could be part of the growing community of over 200 members.
> 
> > Thanks for taking a look at our organisation! Wish to contact us? Email tsaibot@outlook.com
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hi there 👋, we are Make Contributions
<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where can the community find your docs? Is there anything else the community should know?
🍿 Fun facts - what does your team eat for breakfast?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
-->

We are an organization that wants to encourage Github newbies to come and participate in open source projects and contribute more to Github (well, the clue in the name 😉).

### There's plenty to take part in the organizing, check out some of our repositories below:

- [DSA](https://github.com/MakeContributions/DSA) - Data Structure and Algorithm (DSA) contributions
- [markdown-dungeon](https://github.com/MakeContributions/markdown-dungeon) - A dungeon made fully out of markdown.
- [ideahub](https://github.com/MakeContributions/ideahub) - A collection of ideas and projects that contain from beginner to advance :octocat: 🎯🚀

> One of our maintainers can add you to the organization once you contribute if you'd like to join, and you could be part of the growing community of over 200 members. Do you want to contact us? Email tsaibot@outlook.com

```
